Doc: Simplify the definition of 'soft deprecated' (#124988)
python/cpython: Doc/glossary.rst

      (subscript) notation uses :class:`slice` objects internally.

   soft deprecated

>       A soft deprecated API should not be used in new code, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      A soft deprecated API should not be used in new code,
```

      but it is safe for already existing code to use it.
      The API remains documented and tested, but will not be enhanced further.

>       Soft deprecation, unlike normal deprecation, does not plan on removing the API 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Soft deprecation, unlike normal deprecation, does not plan on removing the API
```

      (subscript) notation uses :class:`slice` objects internally.

   soft deprecated

>       A soft deprecated API should not be used in new code, but it is
>       safe for already existing code to use it.  The API remains
>       documented and tested, but will not be enhanced further.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      A soft deprecated API should not be used in new code, 
      but it is safe for already existing code to use it.
      The API remains documented and tested, but will not be enhanced further.
```

>       The main difference from a normal deprecation is that soft
>       deprecation does not plan on removing the API.

Reviewer 2: We could simplify and remove the last added sentence too.

```suggestion
      Soft deprecation, unlike normal deprecation, does not plan on removing the API and
      will not emit warnings.
```

>       Soft deprecation, unlike normal deprecation, does not plan on removing the API and
>       will not emit warnings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Soft deprecation, unlike normal deprecation, does not plan on removing the API 
      and will not emit warnings.
```

>       Another difference is that soft deprecated APIs don't emit warnings.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

      (subscript) notation uses :class:`slice` objects internally.

   soft deprecated

>       A soft deprecated API should not
>       be used in new code, but it is safe for already existing code to use it.
>       The API remains documented and tested, but will not be
>       enhanced further.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      A soft deprecated API should not be used in new code, but it is
      safe for already existing code to use it.  The API remains
      documented and tested, but will not be enhanced further.
```

>       The main difference from a normal deprecation
>       is that soft deprecation does not plan on removing the API.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      The main difference from a normal deprecation is that soft
      deprecation does not plan on removing the API.
```

      (subscript) notation uses :class:`slice` objects internally.

   soft deprecated

>       A soft deprecated API should not
>       be used on new code, but it is safe for already existing code to use it.
>       The API remains documented and tested, but will not be
>       enhanced further.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      A soft deprecated API should not
      be used in new code, but it is safe for already existing code to use it.
      The API remains documented and tested, but will not be
      enhanced further.
```

>       The main difference with a regular deprecation
>       is that the soft deprecation does not schedule the removal of the
>       API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The main difference from a normal deprecation
      is that soft deprecation does not plan on removing the API.
```

>       Another difference is that the use a soft deprecated API does not issue a warning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Another difference is that soft deprecated APIs don't emit warnings.
```
